i  very often try to report videos in which i both address controversy the moment
and  deeper underlying questions be they philosophical
questions  of personal questions
so  that
this  video would still be versed in
back  in washington five years from now when i for
a  moment
this  video the contrivers of the moment is actually discussion surrounding
a  book review i did some months ago a negative book of you a book of you that was both harsh
and  honest in it raises for me a number of reasonably
underlying
professional
not  wise and from optical or if words the broadest
why  be harsh
and  i
discussion  i'm not talking about
for  the sake of being harsh
kind  of a dramatic art form
and  definitely has ben
the  early pioneers
guess
there  often harsh
effect  or they really
angry  in the coming war that the
a
in  talking about the overlap between
where  your showing sincerely how you feel about me
not  just
of  course it's possible to imitate the advantages and
the  merits of the
academic  right here on
but  i think it's really important and worth while to show
not  just talk about
and  if a book is
astoundingly  awful
surprisingly  bad
to  share your sense of surprise or
to  share your
and  there is indeed not somthing
especially  not if he's somebody's on the pad
i  come back to that
but  this issue of harshness
interesting  discussion broke out
on  face book
with  the contributors to a zone
to  arizona could describe it as a magazine i could describe it as a website and can describe it as a podas
it's  all of these
they  are zone the air
animal  rights so animal rights
but  it's a forum or platform for discussions about the
can
anyway  they made two comments that are significant
and
telling  me
ah  i emphasize the auto most
that  most
of  the criticism in my video
most  of the criticism directed toward this
that  is myself most of
he  up in their own dirt
of  the book
in  a park as an inter
did  with
so  i just want to emphasize this
when  they say most of my criticism
also  came up in their discussions
that's  not a few points in
some  points in common that's not several points on
so  they said most of the negative points i make
they  made themselves and then i think a few hours later they wrote to me again
one
and  said again they understand and sympathize with
the  cat
and  however even though they these two contributors to air one even
though  they
presented  similar concern
object
so
respectful
sisters
why  we resist
because  the discussion on face book
very  much involved the author of the book himself
and  the author of the book who apparently had heard most
these
but  in a polite and not at all
from  horizon
would  he heard those same criticisms again
on  my oath
could  not recognize them
they  were new shocking unheard of and basically he responded
with  a kind
he  was claiming that i can't be serious i must be a troll
not  know anything of
ah  true animal rats
well  why would he have
dismiss
reaction
negative  critic
if  he had heard it
plausibly
and  again my criticism is
i'm  not
and  if he had heard it in this polite sort of archway
from  these other posts
the  reality is that it was only the harsh
the  same complaint
the  goth
when  it wasn't hard
what  even though its presented him directly in the interview format
did  not he
and  now he hearing it a second time in a more honest than harsh form of my channel
and  obviously he still
does
not  one of the things i said back to him this is comes to the nature of critique itself
academic  context or in a religious context or political conduct
the  vast majority of negative response
or  just going
most  people if they don't like a restaurant are just going to walk out of the rest
owner  of
why
the  vast majority of
go  to a buddhist temple and have a negative expert
or  just going to walk out there not going to sit down and explain
and  a very very small number of people
speaking  with whatfor reason
to
unequal  forty
a  very very small number of people are going to actually challenge
they  certainly may have nothing to gain by
and  there malone
i  can tell you from experience just how difficult it is
sit  down with buddhist monks to think of themselves as authority figure
and  tell them just how wrong they are
to  offer to
tours  and education were
a  high school
at  the bus
so  dimension policeman
and  they don't see it as their responsibility or their role to do educational originate
as
try  to make
colin
you  know moslem mosques
a  brief talk about
this  is a really important form of public or
and  if you got what is mongst towards
contempt
do  that
you  go sit down with them
and  you can't just be polite
be  obsequious
you  can't just
direct
you  got to let them have it
you've  got to be harsh and you've got to be honest
and  you've got to let them know the extent to which
they  are really tumbling
serious  social obligation
both  in terms of radium
and  in terms of buddhism
you  can sit down and get out the scripture and let them know hey what the
and  why does this temple even exists and wire on
those  are really really tough
another  example from
let's  say somebody walks into but a temple a prisoner member of the temple of but you know but
and  his wife
just  died
she's  a widow
a  broker is upset about that
and  he walks around repeatedly trying to talk to but a monk he
at  all the buddhist monks to dismiss him or don't want to do with it or let
the  monks just tell him to go and sit in a corner to meditate on a mat
or  even worse maybe that is pointed to one of the statues
the  worship one of the statues of the boat this really happen
and  you got a sit down you're the person position to criticize the monks and say look
we  need to get set up we need to get serious if someone comes in and wants not
maybe  there isn't a buddhist monk
minute  but somebody's got to respond with the tachment and compassion and say okay
we  have a schedule
schedule  on a point
these  are not
discussions
and  my point is ninety nine per cent of the
rightly  hammersen they will just
in
just  be disappointed and walk up the door they won't sit down and confront
an  authority figure
come  back to tanis
the  impolitic and in general poeticised issues
i  sit down to read this book with the most positive bias
i'm  began i want a like this book i one appreciate this book a hoping that in this book
i'm  going to find useful tools for my own began at isn't that this book is going to be useful to me i totally
want  to give this book as the review i have the most positive bias imagine what again somebody walks
into  a butte is already a true believer in the buddhist faith has a most puseyites
right
most  people were disappointed with a book like this just like so many a despondent he put demonstration
they  are not that opposed
the  internet
they're  not going to confront the author talk to the author there is absolutely no reason to do that
and  there's no word for it right there may be a word if you like the book sending the author
mail  or face book message that he really appreciate your book but he is not going to her back from
the  people who are just
and  wander out of the temple and remember its word to put together were case
it's  not work it's not hard for me to just be disappointed
and  walk out of the postal for to be disappoint with the book put it down an stop reading it
but  for me to gather my thoughts into a thesis into review into a
and  say hey here's what's wrong with the book now in my review for example i don't just say the book is badly
written  and dismiss it which you can do in a private conversion
i  really explain
why  it's badly written in what way its badly written and in what way that
impairs  or hampers
ability  for
we  are positive book right the guy who walks on the buddhist who's just upset
he  really wanted to talk to him but a month wanted some kind of counsel he wanted to hear some but as philosophy after
the  death of his wife is a typical situation these are real problems
and  instead i just told to sit in the corner and meditate or sitting front of
statue  or
it  will be really hard for him to set aside
and  in discipline in focus
put  together a powerful
of  what that put a temple
and  i say to the pay
what  would the board
it  up to her fell
now  as stark and unequal as the relations of authority
are  within a boasted
western
many  many people in the internet who are outside or take
falsely  assumed that the world of people with
a  sort of gold standard
for  how we should gauge and engage in discourse how wishing you academic discoidal discussions
how  we should engage in intellectual discussions or debates or book reviews the
and  it really doesn't
i  live my life surrounded by people with beds of live large part of my life in university
and  there ending up with a second bachelors degrees the third bachelor's degree of enrolled
in  but my first bachelors and put
and  a lot of people with peaches are miserable because the first thing they lose
they  get a peach or even when they start the padres when they get on the peace
they  lose the freedom of speech
really  be honest of the things that matter to the most
be  honest but the things that probably motivated the
to  get involved with
once  you're on the pad
your  part of a culture that rewards false prays hollow praise
in  that tries to force you to engage
indirect
instead  of
and  open his
the  academic literature does not present the gold standard
on  the contrary during my years as a scholar of buddhism which as may be approximately ten years
many  many times people
that  they envied
this  is not my imagination's not me saying i felt the
the  directly told me to my face or an email
that  they envied
because  they wished they could engage
the  buddhists
electa  realm
with  the kind of
freedom  of speech for that way that i had that they could be
what  have you without having feared the consequences of frankly punishment from their ph
supervisor  or being regarded as an employed by the very small
hot  house of people who are in their living out of having a pain but buddhism and very much lavinia
context  where people in glass
i  think that's enough of this video i'm delighted that this is under fifteen minute
but  to be honest with you those deeper underlying issues of at the contrast between being
both  honest and harsh
and  the sort of very insincere in oblique motive expression
that  western academe
to  cultivate or tends to force people to
that  is really a deep and meaningful topic for me to reflect
a  topic at hand to reflect on many different
my  life
and  the bottom line is i'd ask you to reflect
who  are your intellectual
either  in the real world or in it
and  i think you're going to find that the people who are really honest and you are really hard at the same
time  be both on us
whether  in a comedian way or in a really sincere denmeath
i  don't think that your intellectual heroes with in any given field whether its buddhist studies
or  sociology or anthropology or politics i really doubt that your heroes
are  the people who express their criticism in an oblique coded side
indirect  way that only other specialists can pick up
in  the midst of writing false praise and
i  on the other hand is the example shows that culture of false play praise
flattery  and polite cries
it  does not get through to the authors themselves
no  but the author and i do not think it
any  positive
the  audience
i  think the audience is going to appreciate and enjoy your
even  within
i  like every fraction
many  defaults he has pardon me there are defects in his approach he's not perfect
but  he is honest
it's  people like gray i'm a real critic of both of these guys critic of book for instantaneous
i  like yours they're over the top there honest there engaged
the  emotionally honest and there be intellectual
however  grave
those  are the people i think reach in audience servant audience
the  audience can learn from the
for  better and worse the good and the bad men
and  nobody is served by the kind
that's  a word with apache